Introduce raw methods for direct dispatch (#98)
braintree/pg_ha_migrations: README.md

We rename migration methods with prefixes denoting their safety level:

- `safe_*`: These methods check for both application and database safety concerns, prefer concurrent operations where available, set low lock timeouts where appropriate, and decompose operations into multiple safe steps.

> - `unsafe_*`: These methods are generally a direct dispatch to the native ActiveRecord migration method, but will sometimes include basic safety features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unsafe_*`: Using these methods is a signal that the DDL operation is not necessarily safe for a running application. They include basic safety features like safe lock acquisition and dependent object checking, but otherwise dispatch directly to the native ActiveRecord migration method.
```

- `raw_*`: These methods are a direct dispatch to the native ActiveRecord migration method

Calling the original migration methods without a prefix will raise an error.

The API is designed to be explicit yet remain flexible. There may be situations where invoking the `unsafe_*` method is preferred (or the only option available for definitionally unsafe operations).

> While `unsafe_*` methods were historically (through 1.0) pure wrappers for invoking the native ActiveRecord migration method, there is a class of problems that we can't handle easily without breaking that design rule a bit. For example, dropping a column is unsafe from an application perspective, so we make the application safety concerns explicit by using an `unsafe_` prefix. Using `unsafe_remove_column` calls out the need to audit the application to confirm the migration won't break the application. Because there are no safe alternatives we don't define a `safe_remove_column` analogue. However there are still conditions we'd like to assert before dropping a column. For example, dropping an unused column that's used in one or more indexes may be safe from an application perspective, but the cascading drop of the index won't use a `CONCURRENT` operation to drop the dependent indexes and is therefore unsafe from a database perspective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `unsafe_*` methods were historically (before 2.0) pure wrappers for invoking the native ActiveRecord migration method, there is a class of problems that we can't handle easily without breaking that design rule a bit. For example, dropping a column is unsafe from an application perspective, so we make the application safety concerns explicit by using an `unsafe_` prefix. Using `unsafe_remove_column` calls out the need to audit the application to confirm the migration won't break the application. Because there are no safe alternatives we don't define a `safe_remove_column` analogue. However there are still conditions we'd like to assert before dropping a column. For example, dropping an unused column that's used in one or more indexes may be safe from an application perspective, but the cascading drop of the index won't use a `CONCURRENT` operation to drop the dependent indexes and is therefore unsafe from a database perspective.
```

> When `unsafe_*` migration methods support checks of this type you can bypass the checks by passing an `:allow_dependent_objects` key in the method's `options` hash containing an array of dependent object types you'd like to allow. These checks will run by default, but you can opt-out by setting `config.check_for_dependent_objects = false` [in your configuration initializer](#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `unsafe_*` migration methods which support checks of this type you can bypass the checks by passing an `:allow_dependent_objects` key in the method's `options` hash containing an array of dependent object types you'd like to allow. These checks will run by default, but you can opt-out by setting `config.check_for_dependent_objects = false` [in your configuration initializer](#configuration).
```
